### travel-browser
## S3 Setup

The user session API will store audio clips as objects in an AWS S3 bucket.

You should create a new S3 bucket.  The bucket name will need to be in lowercase and unique.
Accept the default settings, but choose to make it fully public.

For example, lets assume you create a bucket called **skill-images-789**.  Within this bucket, you created folders /mp3/user.
Now you can have your skill link to any audio MP3 files and image PNG files in this folder by using the following URL file prefix:
```https://s3.amazonaws.com/skill-images-789/mp3/user/```

#### Steps
1. Login to the [AWS S3 Console](https://s3.console.aws.amazon.com/s3/home).
1. Click Create Bucket.
1. Give your bucket a lowercase, unique name, and click Next.
1. Skip the options page by clicking Next
1. Under "Manage public permissions" click the dropdown and select "Grant public read access to this bucket" and click Next.
1. Click Create Bucket.  Click on your new bucket in the console.
1. Click Create Folder.  Call the folder ```mp3```.  Click into this folder and repeat.  Create the new subfolder ```user```.

Within the S3 console, view bucket screen, you will see four tabs.

1. Click the Permissions tab to open a panel that includes a CORS configuration button.
1. Click the CORS button and save the default configuration allowing GET on * resources.

> If you have issues with playing MP3s from S3 it is usually either a permissions or MP3 sample rate problem.
> You can upload the following example MP3 file into your bucket, to test a valid file from within your skill's SSML output audio tag.
> [roar](https://s3.amazonaws.com/skill-images-789/mp3/chewy_roar.mp3)

We need to store this S3 location in two places, the user session API code and the skill code.

1. Return to /lambda/custom/constants.js and update the *bucketUrlPath* with the path from S3.
1. Re-deploy your Lambda function (./deploylambda.sh)
1. Go to /web/user/usersessionAPI/lambda/index.js
1. Update the bucket property to be just the bucket name.  The folder path /mp3/user is hardcoded within the saveFile function.
1. Re-deploy this Lambda function (./deploylambda.sh)

### Next Step
Congratulations! You made it through all the setup steps.  Soon you will be customizing the skill further.
 * First, [Test Everything](./TEST.md)
